Project Overview  

We have consulted with our Industry Advisory Board and a major component for job consideration is that a student should be able to show a list of projects that they have completed, along with easy to access information about your work history and current GitHub activity. Your portfolio is one link that can be provided to future employers to showcase your skills and present easily accessible information about you.

 

Objectives:

Use Bootstrap to build a responsive web page.
Use modern front end development tools.
Create one central domain for organizing projects, biographical information, and employer contact info.
 

Portfolio Requirements:

Structure:

An index.html (naming is important for deployment to GitHub Pages)
A main.css or style.css
An assets folder for all images and other media
 

To complete your portfolio you will need to complete the following requirements:

Portfolio
Landing/Header Section
Navbar
About Me
Projects Section
Static Layout Application
Creature Assignment
Business Challenges
Blue Badge TBA
Red Badge TBA
Contact Section
Footer
 

Portfolio Requirements
The following list contains the bare essential requirements that you’ll need to have in your portfolio to receive a badge from Eleven Fifty:

Submit a wireframe of the application for review.
The site is aesthetically pleasing overall and is tailored in a way that exhibits your unique professional personality.
The site uses HTML, CSS, & Bootstrap to properly divide content and to account for a variety of devices. Bootstrap templates are ok to use, but they should be tailored in a way that is unique to you. (We shouldn’t be able to recognize the template).
The CSS styling goes beyond the minimal components(e.g., background color and font color), and provides an engaging user experience.
The site is highly navigable with its buttons. All buttons are functioning properly and even have features that accentuate the texture of the buttons.
The site has thumbnails with links that show examples of work you’ve built in this course. These will include samples or links to Repl.it projects, Codepen.io projects, your Store Project, and any projects you've done in the past or on the side. Essentially, these are links that showcase your original work.
The site provides detailed information for employers to contact you, including LinkedIn and GitHub info/buttons.
The site also has a working contact form using Formspree.io.
The portfolio has an about feature that tells your story as a developer and professional.
The site is free of spelling errors and typos.
The site has been completed in a timely fashion.
Your resume should be included and downloadable.
The site is deployed to GitHub pages.
Note: If you would like to omit something on this list for any reason, please fight us in person.